# packages in environment at /Users/aaronkline/miniconda3/envs/voze:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiohappyeyeballs          2.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.11.7          py312h998013c_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.6.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.9.1                h7bae524_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py312h024a12e_5    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     24.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.8.0               h9b725a8_10    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.8.0                h5d7ee29_2    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.10.3               h5505292_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.3.0                h5d7ee29_2    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.5.0                h13ead76_7    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.9.1                hf483d09_2    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.15.2               h39f8ad8_2    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.11.0               h68a0d7e_8    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.7.1                h840aca7_3    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.2.1                h5d7ee29_1    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.2.2                h5d7ee29_1    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.29.5               h6832833_0    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.449             h8577fd2_3    conda-forge
azure-core-cpp            1.14.0               hd50102c_0    conda-forge
azure-identity-cpp        1.10.0               hc602bab_0    conda-forge
azure-storage-blobs-cpp   12.13.0              h7585a09_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-common-cpp  12.8.0               h9ca1f76_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-files-datalake-cpp 12.12.0              hcdd55da_1    conda-forge
babel                     2.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bleach                    6.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312hde4cb15_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.3               h5505292_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hf0a4a13_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               hb4a6bf7_3    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py312h0fad829_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.1           py312hb23fbb9_0    conda-forge
cpython                   3.12.7          py312hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
datasets                  3.1.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hb547adb_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.9           py312hd8f9ff3_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
deskew                    1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    7.1.0           gpl_h92f8dbd_105    conda-forge
filelock                  3.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h1383a14_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.55.0          py312h998013c_0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hadb7bae_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h27ca646_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.5.0           py312h0bf5046_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.9.0           pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              h7ddc832_0    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             hf9b8971_1005    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.1                heb240a5_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py312h87fada9_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hebf3989_1003    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                h997cde5_1    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.4          nompi_ha698983_103    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.7              pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
huggingface_hub           0.26.2             pyh0610db2_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 hfee45f7_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.36.0                   pypi_0    pypi
imath                     3.1.12               h025cafa_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.5.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh57ce528_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.29.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jasper                    4.2.4                h6c4e4ef_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.2             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.28             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py312h81bd7bf_1    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2024.10.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.23.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.14.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.2.6              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.27.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py312h6142ec9_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h1a8c8d9_1003    conda-forge
lazy-loader               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
lcms2                     2.16                 ha0e7c42_0    conda-forge
leptonica                 1.83.1               hc69d283_5    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240722.0      cxx17_hf9b8971_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                hebf3989_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.7.4                h83d404f_0    conda-forge
libarrow                  18.0.0           hb943b0e_8_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            18.0.0           h286801f_8_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          18.0.0           h286801f_8_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        18.0.0           h6a6e5c5_8_cpu    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               h8414b35_3    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.3               hf20b609_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           25_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           25_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                hbdafb3b_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.10.1               h13a7ad3_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    19.1.4               ha82da77_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         hc8eb9b7_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               h2757513_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h286801f_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               h8414b35_3    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           13_2_0_hd922786_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hf226fd6_3    conda-forge
libglib                   2.82.2               h07bd6cf_0    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.31.0               h8d8be31_0    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.31.0               h7081f7f_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.67.1               hc70892a_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.11.2          default_hbce5d74_1001    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h0d3ecfb_2    conda-forge
libintl                   0.22.5               h8414b35_3    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           25_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           25_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h6d7220d_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.28          openmp_hf332438_1    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.10.0          headless_py312hd376c54_10    conda-forge
libopenvino               2024.4.0             hbfeda7a_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-arm-cpu-plugin 2024.4.0             hbfeda7a_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2024.4.0             hf276634_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2024.4.0             hf276634_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2024.4.0             h03892cd_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2024.4.0             h03892cd_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2024.4.0             h7f5a098_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2024.4.0             h7f5a098_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2024.4.0             h5833ebf_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2024.4.0             h9d544f2_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2024.4.0             h5833ebf_2    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libparquet                18.0.0           hda0ea68_8_cpu    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.44               hc14010f_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               5.28.2               h8f0b736_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2024.07.02           h2348fd5_1    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.4               h40956f1_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.47.0               hbaaea75_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               h9cc3647_0    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.21.0               h64651cc_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hfce79cd_1    conda-forge
libtorch                  2.5.1           cpu_generic_he23defe_3    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libuv                     1.49.2               h7ab814d_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.14.1               h7bae524_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.4.0                h54798ee_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               hdb1d25a_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.5               hbbdcc80_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               19.1.4               hdb05f8b_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hb7217d7_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h93a5062_1001    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py312ha0ccf2a_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.2           py312h1f38498_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.2           py312h9bd0bc6_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h8f1351a_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                hb693164_3    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.1.0           py312hdb8e49c_1    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.16         py312h024a12e_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-connector-python    9.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h7bae524_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
nltk                      3.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  7.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     2.1.3           py312h94ee1e1_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.10.0          headless_py312h13aeb2b_10    conda-forge
openexr                   3.3.2                h04410fd_0    conda-forge
openh264                  2.5.0                h774163f_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h9f1df11_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.4.0                h39f12f2_0    conda-forge
orc                       2.0.3                h121fd32_0    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.2               pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py312hcd31e36_1    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.54.0               h9ee27a3_2    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                h297a79d_2    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    11.0.0          py312haf37ca6_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.3.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.4               hebf3989_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
probableparsing           0.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus_client         0.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.48             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.48               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
propcache                 0.2.0           py312h024a12e_2    conda-forge
psutil                    6.1.0           py312h0bf5046_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hd74edd7_1002    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.14                 h13dd4ca_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-opencv                 4.10.0          headless_py312hfcc5adf_10    conda-forge
pyarrow                   18.0.0          py312h1f38498_1    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              18.0.0          py312hc40f475_1_cpu    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyobjc-core               10.3.1          py312hd24fc31_1    conda-forge
pyobjc-framework-cocoa    10.3.1          py312hd24fc31_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytesseract               0.3.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.7          h739c21a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-crfsuite           0.9.11                   pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-xxhash             3.5.0           py312h024a12e_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    5_cp312    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.5.1           cpu_generic_py312hd82ee4d_3    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py312h024a12e_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.2.0          py312hf8a1cbd_3    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h420ef59_5    conda-forge
re2                       2024.07.02           hcd0e937_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h92ec313_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.11.6       py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.21.0          py312hcd83bfe_0    conda-forge
safetensors               0.4.5           py312he431725_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.24.0                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.5.2           py312h387f99c_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.1          py312h20deb59_1    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.3              pyh31c8845_0    conda-forge
setuptools                75.6.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.7                  h8391f65_2    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                hd02b534_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   2.3.0                hf24288c_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.13.3           pyh2585a3b_104    conda-forge
tbb                       2022.0.0             h0cbf7ec_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh31c8845_0    conda-forge
tesseract                 5.4.1                h82791c5_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2024.9.20                pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.20.3          py312hf3e4074_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.1.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py312h024a12e_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
transformers              4.46.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20241003     pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py312h0bf5046_1    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
usaddress                 0.5.11                   pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.8.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h57fd34a_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  hbc6ce65_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd74edd7_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.2                hb547adb_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.18.0          py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                hc1bb282_7    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py312h15fbf35_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                hb46c0d2_0    conda-forge
